lib/httpserver: adds flagsAuthKey command-line flag (#2758)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: app/vmauth/README.md

Alternatively, [https termination proxy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TLS_termination_proxy) may be put in front of `vmauth`.

It is recommended protecting  following endpoints with authKeys:
* `/-/reload` with `-reloadAuthKey` command-line flag, so external users couldn't trigger config reload.

> * `/flags` with `flagsAuthkey` command-line flag, so external users couldn't get application configuriton.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/flags` with `-flagsAuthkey` command-line flag, so unauthorized users couldn't get application command-line flags.
```

> * `/metrics` with `metricsAuthkey` command-line flag, so external users couldn't get application metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/metrics` with `metricsAuthkey` command-line flag, so unauthorized users couldn't get access to [vmauth metrics](#monitoring).
```

> * `/debug/pprof` with `pprofAuthKey` command-line flag, so external users couldn't get access to application profiling information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/debug/pprof` with `pprofAuthKey` command-line flag, so unauthorized users couldn't get access to [profiling information](#profiling).
```
